## Project 2
The prompt for this project was to write a symbol-balancing program. The program should take in a text file and output the appropriate error code and the line number of the error if there is a symbol balancing error present. The program had to ignore characters within comments and string literals (not including single-line comments) and catch quote line break errors. 

The issue of handling comment blocks and string literals (and knowing when we are inside one) made the decisionmaking a bit complicated; accordingly, rather than a complex set of nested if-else statements, I elected to build a decision tree. Each (non-leaf) node in the decision tree contains a function object payload that returns a Boolean. Traversals of the tree move right when 'true' is returned, and left when 'false' is returned. Leaf nodes return some kind of command—--either they throw an error code, push something to the symbol stack, or pop something from the symbol stack. In this way, the actual decisionmaking heart of the program remains extremely simple. Further, placing a simple print statement in the traverse method allows for detailed traversal path tracing and much more in-depth error checking. 

A potential area for improvement for this program would be to write a proprietary function interface for the tree nodes with one abstract method, apply(), that could be overloaded upon implementation based on the function object type. This would do away with all of the inelegant instanceof / null checking that occurs during node creation and tree traversals. Currently that occurs because the function object types within Java that I utilized (Function, Supplier, Consumer) are not related by inheritance or interface implementation. 
